Automatically capture IP address (#814)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/event-spec/standard-events/common-fields.mdx

</Tabs>

## How RudderStack collects IP address

> The IP address of a user is captured automatically in the `request_ip` property as a **common field**. You can see it in the event received at the destination but not in the <Link to="https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/dashboard-guides/live-events/">Live Events</Link> tab. The reason is that it is added from the server at the backend while being sent to the destination and not as the initial data generated at the source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RudderStack automatically collects the user's IP address in the `request_ip` property as a **common field**. You can see it in the event received at the destination but not in the <Link to="https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/dashboard-guides/live-events/">Live Events</Link> tab. This is because RudderStack adds the IP in the backend while sending the event sent to the destination; it is not a part of the initial event data generated at the source.
```
